# DataManipulation
PURPOSE: The purpose of the DataManipulation Vocabulary Set:  Grade: N/A View Grade Information. Opens a dialogue Union, Intersection, Set difference, Limit, L'hopital's Rule, Standard Beviation, &amp; Binomial Coefficient, is to create methods demonstrating knowledge in each of the concepts. Please check the README for further details.

OVERVIEW: For each vocabulary word, I provided a description of the data manipulation technique, and how it is implemented in my method.
First, A union takes two data sets and returnsa newly formed data set with the combined data. For example, if one set goes from 0 to 3, and another goes from 2 to 6, the union would be from 0 to 6, as those are the values that all of both sets have. An intersection is a the combination of values that the sets in question contain. For example, if one set goes from 0 to 3, and the other set goes from 2 to 6, then the intersection would be 2 to 3, since those are only the values that both sets have. Calculating the set difference means finding everything that is one set but is not in another. For example, if one set goes from 0 to 3, and the other set goes from 2 to 6, then the set difference would be 0 to 2, as those are the values that only the first set has and the second set doesn't. The limit is the result that an infinite sequence is reaching towards,  but never gets to. It converges if that end result, or limit if a finite value, and diverges if that limit is positive or negative infinity. The method is applied to infinite geometric sequences. L'hopital's rule is used to divide one function by another, using derivatives. I pre-determined the two functions used as to allow for the rule to be explained. Standard Deviation finds the mean, and uses that to find the variance. Then, finds the square root the variance, to find the standard deviation. The last method acts as a main method and runs the program, while returning the String result to be printed. And lastly, the binomial coefficent returns the choose function result of two numbers, on pascal's triangle, said as __ choose __ (ex: 4 choose 2). The formula used was n!/(k!)(n-k)! The first method finds the result of a factorial, while the bc or binomial coefficent method uses the factorial method to compute the formula.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS: I would like to thank Zage Strassberg-Phillips for contributing to the search for an L'Hopital's method, and Mr. Kuszmaul for explaining the concept of L'Hopital's Rule to me.
